docs(k6-studio): Add Assistant guided setup docs [NO MERGE] (#2281)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6-studio/run-test-in-grafana-cloud.md

## Run a test in Grafana Cloud

> After you successfully sign in to Grafana Cloud and select a stack, you can run your tests scripts in Grafana Cloud k6 directly from k6 Studio. You can also configure and launch a test in one guided flow with Grafana Assistant. Refer to [Configure a test with Grafana Assistant](https://grafana.com/docs/k6-studio/configure-test-with-assistant/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you successfully sign in to Grafana Cloud and select a stack, you can run your test scripts in Grafana Cloud k6 directly from k6 Studio. You can also configure and launch a test in one guided setup with Grafana Assistant. Refer to [Configure a test with Grafana Assistant](https://grafana.com/docs/k6-studio/configure-test-with-assistant/).
```
